Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
NETFLIX PRESENTS
Shut the fuck up!
Fucking stay still!
Hey! What are you doing? Let her go.
-Fucking stay still!
-No!
Hold her!
Let her go. son of a bitch!
Fucking let her go!
Fucking drive!
Let's go!
Are you okay?
-Yes.
-Yes?
Yes.
Careful.
Fuck.
I can treat you.
Treat me?
-Where? At your house?
-My employers'.
Sure? I don't want to cause trouble.
It's fine.
Sorry. I didn't mean to make noise.
-Doesn't matter. Nobody's home.
-They're not here?
Away for the whole weekend.
Hey. I was thinking…
-What?
-Maybe you should report it.
Then at least the police
would take a look.
In case they come back.
I can't.
I…
I don't want to lose this job.
And why would you?
My employers are particular.
They don't want to draw attention.
Did you hear that?
-What?
-A door.
Is anyone coming to work now?
There's a cook.
but she comes in the morning.
Maybe they followed us.
Shit.
I'll take a look.
You stay here.
If you hear something odd.
call the cops. please.
Yes.
Hey! Easy.
-Sorry.
-Easy.
False alarm.
It was a window in the bathroom.
Are you okay?
Well. goodbye.
Also. my name's Álex.
Wendy.
Listen. Wendy. let me give you my number.
If you want.
I drive over there almost every day.
So. I don't know. maybe…
I can give you a ride some other Saturday.
Of course.
INSTALLED CAMERAS
MORALEJA HOUSE
ÁNGEL GONZÁLEZ
PHOTOS
ÁNGEL GONZÁLEZ'S PHOTOS
So. what do we know
about our little Ángel?
I'm juggling 20 things
and you're stuck on this shit.
Why?
He's clean. He's been in the party since
he was 18. No problems.
He's no trouble. draws no attention.
He may be on the next ballot to fill space
but chances are he won't be elected.
Come on. Juan.
Someone must know something.
They always do.
A schoolmate who never liked you.
The best friend whose life you ruined.
There's always someone.
What can I tell you?
I've found nothing so far.
Doesn't drink. smoke. or see women.
A bit of porn
every now and then. but that's it.
Normal porn?
He's even boring with that. And his wife?
Does she watch porn?
-How we doing?
-They came back home.
The cameras are working fine.
but nothing yet.
Someone called.
Hey. Juan. I need to see you. It's urgent.
Tomorrow at eight. usual spot.
Sportswear suits you.
-Yeah? Does it turn you on?
-You know what turns me on.
You got anything good to tell me?
I'm fucked. Juan.
Selling an ad page is crazy.
And digital or not.
salaries need to be paid.
-You're top of my list. you know that.
-Yes…
The moment I have something good.
the scoop is yours. for now…
"Let's clean the trash in this country."
"Now with digital. there's no
company policy to cover up corruption."
"Come on. take the leap."
Well. here I am.
I took the leap. and I'm still in the air
waiting for you to decide
to give me something serious. good.
Have I ever given you
a tip that wasn't true?
You use me to screw
whoever at that moment.
So why are we talking?
I give you information.
you verify it. check it.
If it's worth it. you go public.
If not. tell me to fuck off.
Pretty clear. right?
I'm an idiot.
I thought you meant it.
That you were sick of it all
and at some point you were going
to help me tell the truth.
-The truth?
-Yes. the truth. Juan.
Do you remember?
That's a lot. isn't it? "The truth."
I can talk to someone
and get you some ads. Just to get by.
In exchange for what?
You keep looking for it.
Let's see if you find it.
CLONE TERMINAL
UPLOAD PHOTOS
UPLOAD
INSTALLED CAMERAS
MORALEJA HOUSE
Chema. hey. what's going on?
I can't hear shit.
Well… they may have
countermeasures in the house.
Inhibitors?
Something like that. but we can amplify.
We're cleaning it bit by bit.
-You'll have the transcriptions tomorrow.
-Okay. Hurry up.
Okay.
LOG OUT
NEW INCOGNITO TAB
WELCOME! MEET NEW PEOPLE
LOG IN - SERGIO_93
CHILLING IN CÁDIZ!
Galán. hi.
Juan. There's a problem
in the Los Altos residential area.
Police are on their way.
-Los Altos. That's in the precinct of…
-Pozuelo.
Azcona.
Hey. Juan. you son of a bitch.
It's been ages!
I know. Listen. I need you to help me out.
Alright. what is it?
A call from a house in Los Altos.
Do you guys have it?
Yeah. I'm getting there now.
I need you to not go in.
Have you spoken to anyone inside?
No one. What's this all about?
You need to let me in and talk to them.
Who do you lot think you are.
giving orders to the police?
You may be Galán's lapdog now.
but that doesn't mean
we have to kiss your ass too.
Or do we?
I'm asking you as a favor.
Alright.
-A favor for a favor?
-What do you want?
-I want to meet with him.
-Galán?
-To offer him your services?
-For whatever I want.
One call.
Deal or no deal?
-Yes?
I come on behalf of the boss.
Hello.
Where is she?
She locked herself up in the room.
And I can't get her to come out.
It's up here.
Her phone?
I have it.
I took it. but before I did.
she called the cops.
I called the boss.
I didn't know what to do.
But listen. I really didn't want to do it.
-I'm sorry.
-Okay.
Wait in the living room.
Don't move. and don't let anyone in.
-Okay?
-Yes. okay.
Branka?
Branka. my name is Rodrigo.
I'm from the police.
You can come out.
Your husband won't hurt you.
Branka. I need you to open up
so we can help you.
Branka?
Branka.
Yeah. he's here. Huh?
Yeah. but I don't know
how the fuck he'll do it.
I messed up her fucking face.
Shit. I messed up her face.
Branka. listen.
Now. in a moment.
we're going to leave and go to a hospital.
To have you examined
and get a medical report. Okay?
-I don't want to see him.
-You won't.
-That bastard ruined my life.
-Branka. that's not true.
-Look at me. for fuck's sake.
-I am.
I'm telling you. in a few months.
when you look in that mirror.
you'll be the same person.
It's just a matter of time.
Nothing has happened yet
that can't be fixed.
"Yet"?
He'll rot in jail after this.
I want everyone to know
the kind of person that bastard really is.
And they will know it. Branka.
In a few hours.
it'll be all over the news.
I'm not scared anymore.
Good.
Very good.
Listen…
Is… there anything
that could be used against you?
Against me?
They must've been following you for months
in case they needed to pressure you.
I've done nothing. I have nothing to hide.
Someone close to you? Family?
What does my family
have to do with all this?
We're talking about a team whose president
is one of the most
influential businessmen in this country.
And he's about to lose a lot of money.
My family doesn't live in Spain.
They're in Ukraine.
This is from six months ago.
On the right. is the president of Ukraine.
The contract for the new subway line.
the Ministry of Justice in Kiev--
They're going to screw my family.
Motherfuckers!
He can't just get away with it after this.
There must be a way.
There could be.
-So?
-She won't report it.
Yes! Fuck. yeah!
Fucking awesome.
That's great. I'm gonna talk to her.
No. you can't. Listen up.
The police are waiting outside.
There are reporters too.
For fuck's sake. How did they find out?
I don't know.
They can't see her.
But she has to go to the hospital.
We'll come up with a story
everyone can believe.
-Perfect. a story.
-A burglary.
There have been several cases
of soccer players lately.
But in this case.
it will be a violent burglary.
After beating the owners up.
they open the safe and disappear.
-That won't work.
-Why?
Because I'm fine.
Thank you.
That's the buyer. We've located him.
His name is Günter Schull. German.
He has links
with supremacist and Neo-Nazi groups.
Do we know what he's buying?
We need access to that laptop.
Wendy!
Hi. Álex.
Alright? Want a ride?
No. the bus will be here any minute.
Get in.
Give your friends something to talk about.
So you're…
-Six sisters.
-Six.
Seven. including me.
All girls and all working across Europe.
Yes.
We're saving money
to build a house in the Philippines.
A house? So all of you can live there?
Live and work.
We have the land.
We're going to build three storeys
with rooms for tourists.
And with sea views.
What if you get married?
You'll live with them?
Or you won't get married?
No. Well. I don't know.
Yeah. well. You're right.
Why complicate things?
Fifteen minutes.
So quick.
It's very late. I have to go back now.
I'll take you.
There's no need. I'll take the bus.
No. really. I don't mind.
I'll feel more at ease.
Okay.
The other day. in the house.
I noticed something.
What?
In your room.
There was nothing of yours.
Nothing personal.
It's not my room. I just live there.
That's why I don't have much.
It makes moving to another house easier.
Everything in a suitcase.
-There it is.
-What do you think?
Either those shoes are expensive.
or there's something behind.
You went a bit far.
-You think?
-A couple of hits is fine. but this…
He'll be out for at least three
or four games. The boss is fuming.
Better than losing everything. right?
You hate having to do this kind
of thing. right? You don't get it.
I get it. but I don't like it.
-We have to take care of friends.
-Whose?
-Today's favor…
-Is tomorrow's key. I know.
And thanks to you. millions of Spaniards
can still enjoy
the best soccer league in the world.
You should be pleased.
So…
-Any news on our favorite politician?
-Not much.
-Not much is something.
-He has a fake profile on social media.
-That sounds good.
-Don't get your hopes up.
I thought I'd found something
but there's nothing major.
So why did he do it?
To chat without anyone knowing
he's a politician.
About what?
TV series.
music stuff. sharing videos…
Of kittens?
Extreme sports. and people getting
weird tattoos. Things like that.
Seriously?
-I don't buy it.
-Galán. there's nothing.
Just someone playing at being anonymous.
THE SHOES ARE MOVING.
Something's come up. Gotta go.
Juan.
We all have a desire.
Find his.
Give it to him. and record it.
Easy as that.
Easy as that?
Any problems?
It's one thing to look for shit.
and another to throw it at him.
If he's the saint you say he is.
it won't touch him. Right?
Come on. Juan. Don't let me down.
It'd be the first time.
Hell yeah. we're in.
Not even a phone call
or a message in seven days.
Be honest. if I hadn't shown up.
would you have bothered to call me?
No.
I don't think so.
I prefer things to happen
when they're meant to.
They just left. Go.
OPEN FROM EXTERNAL DEVICE
RECENT ITEMS
RADIOACTIVE MATERIAL
COBALT-60
COPY ALL DATA
What?
Nothing.
Nothing?
This is weird. right?
I don't know. look at you.
And look at me.
We couldn't be more different.
Yes. And?
Nothing.
Cobalt-60.
It's used in industry to measure
the thickness of metals and plastics.
And in medical facilities
to sterilize materials.
And to make bombs.
If you connect a conventional bomb
to a piece of Cobalt-60.
even if it's 30cm.
you contaminate a whole city.
It's from an abandoned
military hospital in Argentina.
Generals are making big money
selling it on the black market.
Neo-Nazi terrorists buying a dirty bomb.
They may hand it over here or in Germany.
We should warn them.
and pass this intel to the BND.
They'll smuggle it through Spain.
-Why?
-There's an email account.
It was deleted after sending it.
but they're in touch
with a network
that's been smuggling coke into Europe
from several countries.
including Argentina. for a year.
I think they'll be using
one of their routes.
We need to find out
where they'll smuggle the goods.
Check if we know someone
who works with them too.
László Kurucz?
Maybe. Check it out.
I need you to set something up for me.
A fake profile. A girl. Nineteen.
You can use these photos.
This isn't enough.
For it to work.
I need to invent at least six months back.
There's plenty on her page.
I'll send you the link.
Name?
Sara.
WENDY LIWANAG REYES
WENDY'S PHOTOS
SARA: YOU HAVE ONE NEW NOTIFICATION
SERGIO_93 LIKES YOUR PHOTO
1 REQUEST: SERGIO_93 WANTS TO FOLLOW YOU
ACCEPT
SERGIO_93: HI
SARA: HI
DO I KNOW YOU?
TYPING…
NO. BUT… YOU'VE GIVEN ME SO MANY LIKES
YOU POST COOL THINGS
YOUR PHOTOS ARE VERY NICE TOO
"VERY NICE"
SO POLITE!!!
HAHAHA! ALWAYS
HAHAHA!!! WELL HEY. GOTTA GO
BUDAPEST
…or you guys call it. Calimocho.
I tried this mix at los Sanfermines.
Ever been there?
Never.
Los Sanfermines. la Semana Grande.
Carnival of Tenerife…
You guys in Spain
really know how to party.
Is that why
you like to do business over there?
I like to do business
whatever the treatment.
-It's a mutual respect. you know. man.
-Well…
Last time you went over.
things weren't that smooth. right?
I've heard you had a little problem
with the Guardia Civil.
They confiscated 50 kilos
of coke from you. right?
It's the nature of our business.
But you just came here
all over to give me this bullshit?
No.
I'm here to give you back
what belongs to you.
The 50 kilos.
You mean the police.
or how you guys call them. the "picoletos"
are just going to give me back
my precious cocaine
with some note saying. "We are sorry"?
Not exactly. I'll get it for you.
I have some friends there.
and I know where they burn it.
I'll get the stuff
and drop it off wherever you want.
In a one by one exchange
for your information.
Yeah.
This info you're after
must be really important for you. huh?
Do you know these guys?
-Yes?
-We know where they'll smuggle the goods.
-It'll be through Bilbao's harbor.
-Great.
Hey. I'll call you back.
I'm with my mom. okay?
-Okay. bye.
-See you later.
Marta!
Hey!
-How are you?
-Good.
-You?
-Good. So you come here now?
No. I work here.
-Any problems?
-No. none.
-No? Okay.
-Or is there?
No. Rent. books. university.
they don't pay for themselves. you know?
Your dad doesn't help you?
I don't give a shit about my father.
I get by on my own.
I see that.
This is a job like any other.
People love to spend money and
we help them. Anything wrong with that?
Not until one of them wants more
than just a drink with you.
There's security.
Don't worry.
And besides. look.
That guy with the tie on his head…
District council member.
Yep.
Why do I bother if you know
half these people better than I do?
-That's why I'm saying to be careful.
-Thank you.
It'll be easy.
The camera will be out.
and the patrol watching the site
will be making a long round
on the opposite side.
You're the fucking man!
Fifty kilos need to be delivered
to La Jonquera. okay?
There's the address. The rest is for you.
Great.
You're the fucking man. Juan.
Stay and have a drink with the boys.
-Another time. Goyito.
-Come on. stay.
Okay.
WENDY
NEW MESSAGE
YOU DON'T LIKE MOVIES ANYMORE?
ÁLEX
ONE NEW MESSAGE
I HATE THE TRAILERS
I prefer to come in
when the movie's about to start.
I should've told you I'd be away for work.
No need.
But I want to.
I'm not used to depending on anyone.
But you're here.
Yes. I'm here.
Aren't you curious
to know more things about me?
I just keep interrogating you. and you…
What's your job?
What?
There's no need.
Yes.
I want to know.
Really.
I'm a detective.
For an insurance company.
I investigate robberies.
fires. accidents…
Do you like it?
Someone has to do it. right?
SERGIO_93
YOU NEVER SLEEP?
SARA: JUST GOT HOME. YOU?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ONLINE THIS LATE?
WAITING FOR YOU ;) TELL ME.
WHAT DID YOU DO TONIGHT?
SHALL WE VIDEO CALL?
DO I SCARE YOU? REALLY?
WHY DON'T WE MEET? BUT IN PERSON?
DO I SCARE YOU?
A BIT. BUT OKAY.
TOMORROW?
I'M BUSY THIS WEEK.
BUT I'LL LET YOU KNOW SOON.
OKAY. WHENEVER
BILBAO HARBOR
Okay. copy.
He just left the cab. okay?
He's leaving early.
Come on. let's go.
He's on the esplanade.
He's headed for the parking lot. Go.
Come on. you can start assembling now. Go.
It's not here. Fuck!
I'm going to lose sight of him.
He'll show up any minute. Go.
Let's go!
Get out of there!
-What the hell happened?
-Maybe he left it in his locker.
They searched it. there's nothing
there or in the cabin of the crane.
He didn't see anyone today?
-Maybe the intel wasn't good.
-No. impossible.
No. László wouldn't lie
about the Germans getting a sample today.
-It isn't worth it to fuck with us.
-Or they changed their minds.
Let's go over it from the start.
We can do that.
But no one has come close to the car
or seen him since he arrived
until he left just now.
Maybe there.
Where?
In the security gatehouse.
We have his entry and exit on tape. right?
We do. yeah. but…
Let's see.
Okay. stop.
Zoom in. Play.
Slowly.
Stop!
There.
What's that?
Car keys.
Son of a bitch.
It's him. It's Günter Schull.
The other one
is likely testing the sample.
If everything's fine. they'll call again
for the delivery.
Intel was good.
We now know how they're moving it.
Shit!
Shit. come on. Pick up.
Are you going to nag me
about the nightclub?
-No. I'm not here to nag you.
-No?
I need to ask you a favor.
-Yes?
-Are you with Juan?
-I don't know where he is.
-He won't pick up.
-What's wrong?
-We've fucked up.
The Filipina found a camera.
Are you out of your fucking mind
or what? I'm not a whore.
If I thought a whore could do it.
I'd be asking one. but I need you.
Why?
You're exactly who he wants to meet.
You just have to change your look.
Go to hell.
Marta.
Marta! Listen to me.
-Marta!
-I was sick.
I was sick.
I was 15. and I was totally hooked.
-I helped you leave.
-You promised no one would see the video.
And no one ever has.
You still have it?
They wanted to sell it to a magazine
and I stopped it.
You kept it so you can screw me
whenever you want.
Marta. listen.
-It's blackmail.
-I'm asking a favor.
Like hell you are!
If I don't go on a date.
you'll leak it and let everyone see
the daughter
of the most famous actor on TV
blowing a drug dealer
for some fucking smack!
That won't happen.
It doesn't need to happen.
-What's she saying?
-There are no bugs there or in her room.
-She didn't go to the garden.
-How is that relevant?
She could've gone to tell them
what she found.
Just because she hasn't yet
doesn't mean she won't.
We have to get her out.
If she disappears.
they could get suspicious.
We don't want changes in the house.
Whether we want it or not.
there's a change. She knows.
Wendy.
Are you leaving?
Can I tell you something?
-Wendy. listen.
-Álex. leave me alone. please.
I wish I could explain. I can't.
-I don't need an explanation.
-You need to stay.
I'm doing something important.
you have to trust me.
Trust?
-I know I can't ask you that. it's hard.
-Why did you come back?
The first time. you tricked me
to get in here. After that. why?
I wanted to be with you.
-You said you didn't want to hurt me.
-That's the last thing I'd want.
-What's between us is real.
-Is that true?
Wendy. I understand
you don't want to see me ever again.
you feel betrayed.
but please listen to me.
You're leaving without telling them
because you know they're bad news too.
You want to disappear and avoid trouble.
but they won't let anyone
jeopardize what they're working on.
I assure you. Wendy. they will find you.
They'll get you out of the way.
You and anyone who stands in their way.
You know that's true.
She won't say anything.
-Why should we believe her?
-Because she won't. dammit.
If I wasn't sure.
she'd be in that trunk now.
Are we clear or not?
Yes. we're clear.
So quit busting my balls.
Where is he?
There.
SERGIO_93
ARE YOU UPSTAIRS?
SARA
YES. I DON'T SEE YOU
THERE'S A PRIVATE AREA. SEE IT?
SERIOUSLY? VIP AREA: 0
COME
Hi.
RED LEATHER TOP?
GETTING WARMER…
I think you have something to tell me.
I think you have
something to tell me too. right?
Hi. Sara.
Sergio.
So? How'd it go?
Fine. Well. I don't know. I was a bit mean
at first. because of the photo thing.
He said I'd done the same thing.
so we laughed.
And. from there. we went to his room.
He pushed me against the closet
and started to fuck me.
Can you believe it?
He didn't seem the type. but…
What?
Sorry. but you wanted me
to get him in my pocket. right?
Will you tell me what happened?
You know what?
You could've put a bug on me
and you'd already know everything.
Well. I could have.
And you didn't because. deep down.
you weren't so sure I wouldn't end up
naked in a room with him.
Admit it.
Not on the first date. He's not the type.
Oh. right.
So?
I told him what you told me to.
That I don't trust anyone because I had
to get rid of a couple of guys
it didn't end well with.
so that's why I have a fake profile.
And him?
He said his photos are fake.
but not the rest.
He said he's a lawyer
and he has to keep up appearances.
A lawyer. Well. it's true he studied law.
And so I said it's fine.
that I'm not angry.
but that it's not what I'm looking for.
-But that we can be friends.
-Keep chatting…
Yeah. and getting to know each other.
Good.
I don't know…
What?
He was a bit nervous.
I think it's the first time
he's done this.
He may disappear.
Well. we'll find out soon.
-Yes?
-The goods are on their way.
What?
The woman just told Schull
the cobalt has left Argentina.
It arrives in Bilbao in a few days.
We just need the ship's name.
They can't catch us off guard.
Chema can't miss anything.
I need people listening 24/7. Everything.
I can't leave Spain now.
This is a big one.
Otherwise. I wouldn't turn to you.
I know you're flat out.
I'm not dropping an operation for this.
We're talking two days. Three tops.
Okay. look. I'll tell you what.
You do me this favor.
and I get the politician out of your hair.
-Isn't that what you wanted?
-I've given him bait. I'm waiting.
-Well. we can pass it to Azcona.
-Azcona?
-He's with us now?
-I know you don't like him.
but he's keen.
and at least he's not as picky as you are.
So send him to Panama.
No. he's too green.
Besides. they want you. And so do I.
I don't trust anyone else for this.
Two days?
Three at the most.
But I stay with Ángel González.
It's not a good idea to change now.
Awesome. Your call.
Do we know what the Panamanians want?
I can't go empty-handed.
Don't worry. you won't go empty-handed.
PANAMA CITY
Naranjo?
Shit!
How are you. bro?
Whatever happened to my Madrid friend?
Who'd recognize you. man? Sit down.
-Come on. sit.
-You're the same as always.
That's the upside of being ugly
from a young age. It can't get worse.
Delia.
-Another one. please. You want anything?
-The same as him.
How long ago did you come back
from Madrid? Five years?
Time flies.
-I miss the nights in Madrid.
-The Madrid style of life.
So. what shall we do with this guy?
-Well. we'll have to sort something out.
-Good.
We have him held in his room.
Two days have passed.
and it hasn't gone public yet.
We appreciate that.
Look.
This is the guy.
A guy who ran marijuana. Small-time.
Apparently. they met in a bar.
They had a couple of drinks
and went to the hotel.
Is it true that your friend
decides the life and freedom of people?
-He has a good reputation.
-Fuck.
Well. if that's how they make decisions
in the Supreme Court.
I pity you poor Spaniards.
Thank you.
Look.
The family doesn't know the details.
They know the kid is dead.
He had epileptic seizures from childhood.
and they were told
that was the cause of his death.
He had a seizure and fell off a balcony.
Now. if you want our help.
you'll have to compensate the family.
Them. and us.
Compensation for everyone.
Money.
Don't fuck with me. man.
That's alright for the family. But for us?
Do you really think we need your money?
Here you go.
An important banker of this country
having fun with a gigolo in Chueca.
Enough compensation?
-Take care.
-Have a nice trip.
And stay out of trouble. sir.
Thank you.
-When we get to Madrid--
-No one knows anything.
-My wife must've been told--
-A visa issue.
-A diplomatic incident.
A setup. that's what it was.
As soon as I finished my conference.
they took me to the airport.
The plane malfunctions. I stay the night--
You don't need to explain.
-I didn't pay for a boy's services.
-He was in your room.
He was a fucking dealer! Can't you see?
The canceled flight. the guy in the bar.
he comes to my room. does lines…
Hang on a minute.
What?
Was this you?
You guys from the Agency staged all this?
It's that shit. right?
What do you call it?
"Robes control." right?
You screw me. then come to the rescue.
You wanted me on a leash.
like Remesana and Escudero.
but since you couldn't find anything…
You've been after me for six months.
But not this.
As soon as I get to Madrid.
I'll investigate
what the association that paid
for me to come here really is.
If I find out
you people are involved in this…
The guy has an epileptic seizure.
and His Grace. who thinks he's dying.
doesn't want him found in his room.
so throws him off the balcony.
Who the fuck could stage that.
you cowardly piece of shit?
We have to go now.
The goods have arrived at the harbor.
-When?
-Today.
Let's go.
The building is
under the control of local dealers.
The goods are inside.
waiting to be handed to Schull's people.
-Do we know when the delivery is?
-Today. tomorrow… don't know.
-If we set up a coordinated operation--
-We can't wait.
Those houses are like Swiss cheese.
They're connected to each other.
Before we get in. they can take it out
through 50 backyards. halls…
No. if it's there. we have to get in now.
It'll be very hard to get in
without attracting attention.
Letting that get out of there
is not an option.
Hi. guys. you want
some coke. ecstasy. pills?
Speed? Nothing?
Hi there. do you want some coke.
MDMA. speed…?
-A bit of speed.
-Speed? Yes. follow me.
It's here. Go to the third floor.
What do you want?
We wanted a bit of speed.
Okay. come in.
Come on.
Ana. they spotted him!
Go down the hall. turn left.
Into the kitchen.
There's a hole. get inside.
Come on. Ana.
Agent 80-32 here. We need backup.
Freeze! Let go of him!
Now!
Are you okay?
Police!
On the ground!
Police! Stop!
Don't move! Freeze!
SERGIO_93 LIKES YOUR PHOTO
SARA
HEY!
THE GHOST
LOT OF WORK
YOU HAVEN'T SENT ME 1 SINGLE LIKE IN AGES
Hey. I mean…
No. I'm sick
of the individualistic discourse…
DO YOU NOT LIKE ME ANYMORE?
NOT AT ALL.
YOU HAVEN'T BEEN TOO ACTIVE YOURSELF.
TRYING TO GET BY. WORK IS AWFUL.
IF YOU NEED A PHILOLOGIST
WITH EXPERIENCE IN BARS…
HAVING DRINKS?
HAHAHAHA. NO. STUPID! AS A WAITRESS!!
BUT IF YOU BUY ME A DRINK…
CONSIDER IT DONE
WHEN?
AS SOON AS I HAVE TIME
FRIDAY?
AWAY. WORK TRIP.
TALK TO YOU LATER X
Wendy!
Can we talk for a moment?
-What happened to you?
-Nothing. Don't go back to the house.
There's police there. they may think
you have something to do with them.
Is it over?
Yes.
They're not a danger to you or anyone now.
Thanks for telling me.
Do you have a place to stay?
I'll ring a friend.
Wendy…
I guess it's the last thing you want.
but you can stay at mine.
Until you find something.
You can sleep in my bed. or there.
on the sofa-bed. Your choice.
Here is fine. Thank you.
You don't have many things.
No.
Everything in a suitcase.
Like you.
It's easier like that. right?
Open the door and disappear.
If only that was enough.
But it's hard not to leave a trail.
I'm sure you know how.
I could try.
We could try together.
I mean it.
I know a place where we wouldn't be found.
Good evening.
Top Sports magazine is all dressed up
for one of the big events of the year…
A major event not only for sports.
but for representatives of culture.
politics and business in this country.
The red carpet is full of public figures…
How are you. Fernando?
Smile. Fernando.
We'll be there…
-I have to go. Have fun. And best of luck.
-Thank you.
Your Honor.
Hey. Ángel!
You're here?
They invite you to these parties now?
Well. it's the culture
and sports commission…
-So you're obliged?
-Pretty much.
Hey. let me introduce you
to my wife. Alicia. Ángel González.
-Pleasure.
-Dedicated student and now congressman.
Dedicated student?
Lousy exams. but very good essays.
That's something.
-Yes.
-And your wife?
No. she couldn't make it.
Our kid's sick. so…
Right.
Thank you.
Excuse me one second.
The lawyer part was true.
Well.
I got my degree.
Sara.
listen to me.
Who are you?
I want to know you.
Sure.
I know I'm not doing it right. but…
I can't just go around telling people
I'm a politician and I work in Congress.
Why didn't you say you were married?
I don't know.
I guess I didn't want
to complicate things… more.
I'm sorry.
Wait.
I'm not angry.
Really?
I understand.
We all have secrets.
And I don't like to be judged.
so I don't judge.
-I have to go back in.
-Yeah. me too.
But if you want… I mean…
for us to meet up again. then…
I don't know. if you want.
-I'm going to Madrid after this.
-I'm not.
No?
I have a room.
Here. I mean… in…
Oh. yeah?
Yes. I have a hotel.
No. don't worry.
I just came back from the gala.
No. I'll get up early tomorrow and arrive
in plenty of time for Nacho's game.
Yes. One second.
Hey!
I'll call you back. Wait.
Police. Can I come in?
Come in.
Yes. I'm with him.
Yeah. of course. Sure. talk to you later.
The girl stands by what she said.
She wants to file charges.
What charges?
She came here of her own free will.
Well. she says you forced her.
That she tried to push you off.
but couldn't until it was over.
That's a lie. for God's sake.
I didn't do anything.
-But you admit having sex with her.
-Yes. we had sex by mutual consent.
-By mutual consent?
-Yes.
Yet she's on her way
to the hospital now with a colleague?
Okay. no. listen to me.
She was perfectly fine when she went
in the bathroom.
She suddenly came out bleeding.
and went straight for the door. That's it.
-Did you do drugs?
-No. of course not.
There's cocaine in the bathroom.
It doesn't… It can't be.
I have absolutely nothing
to do with that. I swear.
You say you previously had sex.
so when she's examined in the hospital and
-they take a sample--
-We did.
That's it. I swear.
I didn't do anything she didn't want.
With a minor?
A minor? No. she's not a minor.
No. she's 19 years old.
She told me she was 19.
Is that her purse?
Yes.
I guess so.
Listen.
Listen to me.
I give you my word.
she told me she was of legal age.
-And she looked of legal age.
-Looked it…
Son of a bitch.
…but isn't.
At least not for six months.
No.
-No. I can show you--
-I don't think so.
I can. I have her messages here.
where she said she was 19.
-There it is. Please look at it.
-That's not her name.
But it's her.
-It's a fake profile. but it's her.
-Calm down.
If you look. you'll see it's her.
Who's this "Sergio_93"?
It's me.
I made a fake profile too. as…
a precaution. do you understand?
I don't understand.
Please identify yourself--
-No. listen to me--
-You listen to me.
I'm asking you to identify yourself.
If you won't. we'll go to the station
and continue from there.
Are you…?
Are you Ángel González. the congressman?
Yes.
Hence the fake profile?
I…
I wanted to avoid…
It doesn't matter anymore.
Ángel.
Ángel. tell me the truth.
I won't say anything
until I have a lawyer here. sorry.
Listen. Do you think you've been set up?
Of course I have.
A girl like her. out of nowhere…
I've been such an idiot. A moron…
-Who do you think could've set you up?
-I don't know!
-I don't know.
-Someone from the party?
No. I don't think so.
Think carefully. Ángel. It usually comes
from those closest to you.
-I don't have enemies.
-You clearly do.
No one goes to these lengths for nothing.
There must be a reason.
You pose a danger to someone.
-Or a threat.
-No.
I doubt I'll get on the ballot this year.
Who would want me out of their way?
-Maybe because of what you know.
-What I know?
Some sort of
sensitive information about someone
that you may have come across
and that they want to iron out.
What information?
Someone delivering an envelope to someone.
a meeting with a judge
that shouldn't happen.
-You know.
-No. I don't.
-No. there's nothing.
-Concentrate. please. There must be.
Maybe something someone let slip
after a meeting. on a cigarette break.
-Or at a party.
-No.
Something that could endanger someone's
reputation. Think carefully and don't lie!
If you want me to help you.
you must work with me.
-We have to get to the bottom of this.
-I'm telling the truth!
-There has to be something!
-I'm telling the truth. dammit.
I'm telling you the truth.
I don't have any information on anything
or anyone. I don't have anything!
I don't have…
Believe me. please. Believe me.
Right.
So it was the girl. for money.
It's over.
It's over. that's it.
It's the end.
No. not necessarily.
It doesn't have to be.
We can offer a sum
and see how she responds.
Then we'll know at least
if she's really the one behind this.
Marta?
-Where's Marta?
-What the fuck. dude?
Hey. man. you can't come in!
Out.
Get out!
What are you doing?
-You came for your stuff. right?
-Yes.
Okay. it's there. In the closet.
Smashed to pieces.
They say it's the best way. I don't know.
Don't you feel sick?
When I saw you
talking to him in the same tone.
with the same words.
with the same fucking lies…
Don't you make yourself sick?
I wanted to throw up so badly…
Actually. I did throw up.
Yes. run away. very good.
Fuck you. dude. do you hear me?
And publish whatever you want!
But if you want to screw that guy.
you'll have to fuck him yourself.
You hear me?
COPY
VIDEOS
PASTE
COPYING FILES
EMPEROR
Eight letters.
Basque Country.
Colloquialism for law enforcement officer.
Txakurra.
-With a 'k'?
-'Tx' and 'k'.
That's it. Txakurra.
So. Very good about Bilbao.
There's still work to do.
The sellers and the cell in Germany.
I'll head there in a few days.
What about Ángel?
Nothing. It didn't work.
I gave him the bait. but he didn't bite.
He got scared.
At the last minute.
he pulled up his pants and left.
He has it all. He's boring and a coward.
But he's pretty much out.
The heads of the party want to get rid.
They need room for their own.
Ángel now has no patrons in the party.
So we've been wasting our time.
I can try something else if you want…
No. if you're sure.
it seems there's no point in persisting.
Damn shame.
Wendy?
HOUSE CAM
-Juan. A sight for sore eyes…
-Where is she?
-What the fuck are you doing?
-She has nothing to do with the case.
That's for a judge to decide.
She only worked in the house.
I have it all logged.
That's the problem. Juan.
-You should share a bit more.
-What did Galán promise you?
You're being a fool. Juan.
You know that. right?
As soon as I get her a lawyer.
you have to let her go.
You have nothing.
Nothing.
Did you know
your friend not only keeps bad company…
but doesn't have her work permit in order?
Yeah. big shot. That's right.
So behave yourself.
Or I'll see to it personally
that the Filipina you're shagging
is deported back to her fucking country.
Is that clear?
And do as you're fucking told for once.
Hey!
-The prodigal son returns.
-I need to see you.
-Tomorrow at eight as usual?
-No. now.
I'm on my way.
What's the hurry? This isn't a good time.
-If you're here to talk about some scam--
-Charo.
I want you to have this.
It's encrypted.
You'll get the code to unlock it
in four hours if I don't stop it first.
If you want me to publish it.
why would you stop it?
I'm not sure if I want you to.
Right.
You're using me as a safety clause
so they can't fuck you over. is that it?
If it all goes badly.
I'll be really fucked indeed.
but you'll have the exclusive you wanted.
Is that a good deal?
-I don't want you to…
-If that moment comes. be careful.
If anyone knows
what you're doing. they'll stop you.
Let's think it through.
There must be another way.
-Let's think about it.
-There's no more thinking left. Charo.
It is what it is.
But why me?
You're the first on my list.
I always told you that.
Can we talk?
Yeah. sure. Sorry.
Those old geezers were driving me mad.
-Especially Manchado…
-How long have you been following me?
No family.
No romantic relationships.
No vices.
Too much control.
Sooner or later.
it had to burst somewhere.
And eventually. of course…
that Filipina got you whipped.
-Now you can screw me over.
-No one wants to screw you over. Juan.
We just want to trust you.
As we do with Ángel González.
We set him up. He's clean.
In the end. the clean people
turn out to be the most dangerous.
Nothing more unpredictable
than a politician with no secrets.
When they get a little power.
they become caustic.
start to have their own ideas.
Some insist on doing what they promised.
Look under the rug. do some cleaning up…
And that's the end.
-For us?
-For everyone. Juan.
We live in a world of balance.
A very delicate fabric
woven over many years.
and if someone
insists on pulling the thread…
Anyway.
since you worry so much
about our friend. don't worry.
Things will go well
for him from now on. Very well.
What? His profile is great for the cleanup
the voters are crying out for.
Besides. we know no one will find anything
on him. beyond that little slip.
I have to go.
they're giving me this damn medal.
So if you brought me any presents…
-She stays clean.
-Clean.
-They won't deport her.
Juan. how about we forget about all this?
What do you think? Like it never happened.
We need you. dammit.
There's so much work to do.
Alright. I have to go.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Now I am.
I'm sorry.
What is it?
Everything you need is in here.
Just one ticket.
And you?
I have things to settle here.
One thing.
Is your name Álex?
Juan.
Abaday.
That's my name.
The agency said it didn't sound Filipino.
That I'd better chose
something more… normal.
Abaday.
A guest house by the sea.
Run by seven sisters.
I'll be there.
SENDING
RECEIVING CODES
…emergency executive meeting
after the resignation
of the leader of the opposition party.
At this moment. we can confirm
the new Secretary General will be
Hernando Lara.
who was in charge of Social Affairs.
Among the new faces of what will be
the heart of power in the new leadership…
The bill?
…the following people are confirmed:
Marisol Zamarrejo. Julio Zapico.
and as a last-minute surprise.
Ángel González.
who will lead the coordination
of the parliamentary caucus
until the next elections.
First. I have to say it's a real honor
to be able to serve this party.
and I accept this position with humility.
With a lot of responsibility too.
and of course I hope to meet
the expectations of my party.
and of my country.
as I wouldn't have any other way.
RECEIVING CODES
ENTER CODE
YOU HAVE ONE NEW EMAIL MESSAGE
CODE: EMPEROR
ENTER CODE